Oppa!
I missed you. Didn't you miss me?
I have something to tell you.
Let's stop here.
Why?
I have someone I like.
So?
Today is going to be the last day we meet.
It's not like I don't know you, Oppa.
You're not one to easily settle down.
But I want to try doing that now.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
I can never let go of this hand.
Episode 7: Part Truth, Part Lies
Lee Hye Ryeong. Who is she?
Ji Won.
Seo Ji Won.
Ji Won! Are you listening?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
What were you thinking of that you couldn't even hear me talking?
Nothing.
What were you saying?
That the publishing contract for "Psycho Bride" is finalized.
Ah, I see.
What? What did you say?
I said the publishing contract for "Psycho Bride" is finalized.
Oh, oh.
Congrats, Seo Ji Won.
We should have a party today.
Actually, I've made plans with my friends today.
Sorry.
Oh really?
Well, there's nothing I can do then.
If Lee Seung Yu is really in love with that woman,
then what should I do?
Oppa.
No.
Perhaps, I am afraid of a breakup with Lee Seung Yu.
What do you mean? What did I do?
The day we first met.
The day we first met?
You look quite young for your age.
I hear that a lot.
- Do you like to drink?  - Yes, a lot.
Cheers!
Miss Ran Ju, I need to go. I'll leave.
Miss Ran Ju, I should get going. Get home safely.
But why did you do that?
There must have been a reason you came to the hotel.
I'm not the kind of guy who touches a girl when she's drunk.
How about when she's sober?
♫ One minute, one second moves perfectly today ♫
♫ All of my friends are acting strange ♫
♫ Excited or scared, I haven't even started ♫
♫ There's still a mission I haven't unlocked ♫
Why, why, why, why?
I think I've really gone crazy. What should I do?
It's okay. It's not time to get up yet.
Now that you're older, you have to be more careful.
Oh? You keep smiling.
What about it?
- You've fallen for me, right?  - I haven't.
You've fallen in love, right?
Stop saying these ridiculous things. Seriously!
You know what?
- I don't. Don't tell me.  - They say love and a cough can't be hidden.
Just like you.
I like it when you smile.
That's why I want to make you smile more.
♫  Because you entered my life ♫
♫  I think I'm going to lose my mind ♫
♫  Coming gently near, blowing at my heart ♫
♫  You're like a happy breeze  ♫
Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming
For now, let's go ahead with this and change this part.
What do you think, Unnie?
Unnie? What do you think of this part?
Why do you keep laughing?
It's just that I keep thinking of something funny that happened yesterday.
What's this? You're acting strange... like someone who just dating.
- How did you know?  - What? Really?
No. What was it? This part?
It's good. Really good.
- It's really good!  - What's with you?
This is the way we do it.
- I've finalized the movie contract already and now the publishing contract too.  - Really?
What should I do, now that I'm earning so much money?
I have to drink, don't I?
Seo Ji Won, flex!
Jun Yeong, bring out all the alcohol in this place.
And pour some shots!
Jun Yeong!
Assistant Manager Lee, aren't you going to leave?
You should leave first. I still have some work left to do.
You should take it easy.
You're working so much that it's getting hard for us to catch up to you.
Then, I'll be leaving first.
Yes. Goodbye.
Writer Seo Ji Won
She hasn't replied yet.
Now I'm starting to worry about every little expression on Ji Won's face.
We should have a party today.
Actually, I've made plans with my friends today.
Sorry.
What might be the reason?
Did I make a mistake?
Hong Ah Yeong, that's awesome!
Kim Byeong Ho allowed himself to get hit with the ice?
Noona was so cool! She dumped the ice on him just like that!
Ah Yeong doesn't hold back anymore.
Because I'm a total bitch.
Wow! You're really, really cool.
Ah Yeong's grown up a lot.
You're an adult now, huh?
You're super cool.
I'm not going to cry because of men anymore.
Total bitch flex!
You've become such a cool bitch.
Why is my life so shabby?
What's wrong? You got a movie and a publication contract too.
You're the most successful among us.
What's wrong?
Did something happen with you and that first love?
When did you guys eat all of this?
Ran Ju, I missed you!
Oh my god!
"You're here, Ran Ju?"
"I missed you."
Stop.
Hurry, alcohol, alcohol.
Cheers!
Ran Ju, our Ah Yeong's all grown up now.
- Why?  - I've become a total bitch.
That's great! You've finally become a proper bitch.
Shall we make it official?
- Bitches!  - Yes!
Not you!
Hey! Only the three of us were supposed to do it!
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go to my house.
Go, go!
You trust me, right?
I'll hold only your hand while sleeping.
Yes, yes, I trust you.
Go on quickly.
Head back safely.
- Have a beautiful love.  - Heart, heart, go!
- Go.  - Bye!
Then, let's go, go!
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go home.
Why is it that I think of
Lee Seung Yu from time to time?
LSY ♡ LHR   Lee Hye Ryeong
It's stupid and foolish.
♫ It's like everything is fine ♫
♫ And the hands of the clock move again ♫
♫ Even those difficult memories ♫
I'm your new manager, Lee Seung Yu. ♫ Even those difficult memories ♫
♫ Will fade ♫
I missed you, Seo Ji Won.
♫ Each repeating day ♫
Do I...
still seem like a kid?
Don't look.
That's me? You're saying that's me?
Did you really not recognize me?
How could I not have recognized you?
You're Seo Ji Won, after all.
How can I forget that?
I thought about it very often, Seo Ji Won.
Do you like me?
Your gaze right now... it confuses me.
Lee Seung Yu.
Do you want to sleep with me?
- I guess I like you.  - Really?
Thanks for coming here though.
♫ Each repeating day ♫
This feels really nice, Seo Ji Won.
♫ If you keep looking for something ♫
This feels nice.
What do I do?
Not everybody takes responsibility for romantic words.
I'm glad I met you again.
♫ I don't know where I want to be ♫
I applied for the position.
And "Like a Watercolor"
is our story, isn't it?
♫ At the end of every road, I smile ♫
♫ The floating cloud ♫
♫ I think it's talking to me ♫
Are you alright?
♫ Open your closed heart ♫
♫ Then it'll flow naturally ♫
I can't let go of Lee Seung Yu.
Is it because he's my first love?
Or is it because all the moments of excitement
that interrupted my daily life?
My heart can't let go of Lee Seung Yu.
My heart is fixed on Seo Ji Won.
Does Seo Ji Won feel the same?
Then, what is the right thing to do?
What should I do?
What does Lee Seung Yu think?
2 Missed Calls from Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu  2 New messages from Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu
Now that you're thirty, you're doing all sorts of things.
cafe area.
Why do you look so fine? Even though we drank together yesterday.
What are you talking about? I drank two of those hangover cures as soon as I got up.
After all, I'm a self-employed person who has to work hard to earn money.
Self-employed? It's just us. It's so empty today.
We do have a customer.
Welcome!
LSY ♡ LHR
I may have already known that
that woman
is the Lee Hye Ryeong that I know.
Hello. You're Writer Seo Ji Won, right?
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
♫ In all the seasons, we're always the same ♫
♫ Our hearts don't change ♫
How To Be Thirty
I have no plans of breaking up with Oppa Seung Yu.
You should stop first, Writer Seo.
I think this is something I must ask Assistant Manager Lee in person.
Now you understand, right? This won't end well for you.
Won't you go on a blind date? He's a really great guy.
Why does Lee Ran Ju not like you?
Did he hurt you?
I feel like garbage.
So what are you going to do now?
Ji Won.
I should stop.
♫ Feelings flutter in the spring ♫